= with_xml

A simple plugin for customizing the xml serialization for ActiveRecord objects. It uses 
simple options declared in the ActiveRecord that allows you to customize the to_xml and
from_xml behavior.

== INSTALLATION

	script/plugin install git://github.com/mattsears/with_xml.git

== EXAMPLE USAGE

In general, you can define the xml options in the ActiveRecord object definition.  In this example,
we set the xml options in the Article class with the following schema:


	ActiveRecord::Schema.define(:version => 1) do
	  create_table :articles do |t|
	    t.string :name, :heading, :body, :author
	  end
	end
	
In the Article's class, we define the xml serialization options in the +with_xml+ block like so:

	class Article < ActiveRecord::Base
	  with_xml :feeds, {:alias => ["magazine", "blog", "newspaper"]} do
	    bind :heading, :to => ["subject", "title"]
		bind :body, :to => ["content", "message", "post"]
		serialize :except => [ :name ], :skip_instruct => true
	  end
	end
	
With the +serialize+ option, the script sets the global options for the +to_xml+ calls.  In the code above,
we've specified not to include the :name attribute or the xml instructions in the xml return from the +to_xml+ call. 

 	article.to_xml

...becomes...

	&lt;article&rt;
		&lt;author&rt;...&lt;/author&rt;
		&lt;body&rt;...&lt;/body&rt;
		&lt;heading&rt;...&lt;/heading&rt;
	&lt;/article&rt;

The +bind+ options allows us to set the Article attributes with elements that have different names.  For example, data for our Article class come from blogs, magazine's or newspapers with different xml schemas.  With the +bind+ options in the code above, we can import any of the following xml documents into the Article:

	article.from_xml(xml)
	
	<article>
		<heading>Page Six</heading>
		<body>Content for article</body>
	</article>

	<magazine>
		<title>The Washington Post</title>
		<content>This is the content</content>
	</magazine>

	<blog>
		<title>TechCrunch</title>
		<post>The Post</post>
	</blog>

	<newspaper>
		<title>The Wall Street Journal</title>
		<content>This is the content</content>
		<unknown>There is no field for this element.  It will be ignored.</unknown>
		<AUTHOR>Caps will be  by default</AUTHOR>
	</newspaper>

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Matt Sears <matt@mattsears.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
